it's the third of 1500 meters
course also with yakin who took
a good start outside well part
rope side the number 6 ottawa lan who
comes to the height now 10 miro
this lie to me with the rough favorite giro
which approximates outside while
has said it is not for a moment
rope
we also find the number 3 family
album a black jacket being 6 7th
position in front of arty not a coat
red green tent replica at ap to
the outside and the number 2 moody's who
close the march
lie to me who still has the controls
with in second position always
ruggiero while there are codes on
number 5 is getting closer to the outside
now come to take his turn
the seventine advent is now
fourth in front of number 6 ottawa lan
with artie ring and the man always to
the outside we find at the back
the future 3 family album with the number 9
as mister who is always in
Attempted position with number 2
moody cat the crazy middle of opposite
always had like phil meier before
ruetschi rookie and second while
binds to me the Kazakh 17 in the third
position at the rope in front of number 6
ottawa the year artibat the number 8 which
now comes out as
sedin the case very closely followed by the
number three familiar album and the
noon number still at the back so
sedin and then the number 9 as mister
there was only a rough giro in
outside dawa year in his
wake in fourth position at the
butter always tied to me with the
number 3 family album is outdoors
arty by séverine patient antepenultimate
with in penultimate position the
number 2 changes last position the
9 as mister
the last turning point there was like who
at the head and the rope with ruggiero at
its half-length exterior
third position flower dialogues
Taiwan to the rope and always tied to me
arty lease outside it's jean who
still lives with the number 3 family album
in front of mauritius or the new as
mister who is in last position
input the last straight line with the
5 and recon who has the advantage means
returning to his outside in front of the lees
to me rope side while the number
wlan system and in fourth position
in front of the family 3 even outside
artix lease is getting closer now so
that cole minister and moody's are in
withdrawal there was like what better to
its ruggiero exterior links to me who
look for the passage with down and who
comes article also he's doing
now a lot of ground around
200 meters from the goals instants chosen by
ruggero to go to the attacked with
Celine trying to come to his height
any case marty bullet or even oat
also leaving him getting closer
artiga is getting stronger at
the outside who takes the best
now on u20 with this line which
offers land town and also
who are trying to progress
artix goes and who will triumph the voice lan
will be second it's linda for the
third place
maybe then lie to me in front of
ruggiero and locals for merit
artix lease that took full advantage of
its good situation at weight 52 kg 1